---
toc: True
layout: post
title: Individual MC Practice 2
type: tangibles
courses: {'csa': {'week': 31}}
---

## My Score
I got a 24/40.

## Missed Questions
<table border="1">
    <tr>
        <th>Question #</th>
        <th>Why I missed</th>
        <th>How I will improve</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>3</td>
        <td>I didn't know that dividing an int by a double results in a double value. But even if I didn't know, I could still have gotten the right answer because casting won't even work since it casts everything.</td>
        <td>Think harder when solving problems.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>I didn't know that a compiler error will occur when the parameters for the constructor are the same in the parent class (String, String, Boolean)</td>
        <td>I will study inheritance more.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>6</td>
        <td>If there is no parenthesis next to what the double is casting, it only casts that one number.</td>
        <td>Understand casting more.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>7</td>
        <td>I read the answers wrong and I wasn't focused enough.</td>
        <td>Be FOCUSED!!!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>8</td>
        <td>I didn't know you could assign int values to double. I also didn't notice that n1 and n2 were not defined.</td>
        <td>Read the code much more efficiently.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>9</td>
        <td>I clicked the wrong answer.</td>
        <td>Know what choice I choose.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>11</td>
        <td>The code actually prints down to 0 because num-- is in the front.</td>
        <td>Read the code carefully.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>12</td>
        <td>.getName() only works if it is not null, so we have to determine if object is not null using borrower != null.</td>
        <td>Gain a deeper understanding of objects and runtime errors.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>13</td>
        <td>I forgot to take the opposite of and, which is or.</td>
        <td>FOCUS!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>14</td>
        <td>Because of the return statements, the other if statements are not used.</td>
        <td>Look through the code carefully.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>15</td>
        <td>I clicked the wrong one (I think), or I forgot that the end for Math.random is not inclusive.</td>
        <td>Look at code carefully.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>16</td>
        <td>I didn't really understand what the code was doing.</td>
        <td>Look through the code carefully and try to make an educated guess if I don't know anything.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>25</td>
        <td>Since the loop starts from length - 1, the e from the apple is not included in the new string.</td>
        <td>Focus on the loops and their bounds.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>31</td>
        <td>The variable i in the choice 3 is the actual element, not the index.</td>
        <td>Focus on the code.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>39</td>
        <td>I found it hard to follow this code and I just guessed. Partially, I didn't know what compareTo returned.</td>
        <td>Focus on the code and remember what compareTo returns.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>40</td>
        <td>If the message method is removed from class A, the parent class, there will be a compile error because the obj1 is defined as an object of Type A, and therefore needs a method from its class.</td>
        <td>Remember that even though obj1 still returns the message method from Class B, it still needs the Class A.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Reflection
This exam was quite disappointing for me because I did really bad. But, by looking at similar problems over and over again, I am learning the different problem types and their solutions. I am confident that I will get better, I just hope it is enough to get a 5 on the exam.
