---
toc: True
layout: post
title: Individual MC Practice 3
type: tangibles
courses: {'csa': {'week': 32}}
---

## My Score
I got a 56/66, which is roughly a 34/40.

## Missed Questions

<table border="1">
    <tr>
        <th>Question #</th>
        <th>Why I missed</th>
        <th>How I will improve</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>1</td>
        <td>I didn't know that dividing an int by a double results in a double value. But even if I didn't know, I could still have gotten the right answer because casting won't even work since it casts everything.</td>
        <td>Think harder when solving problems.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>I didn't know that a compiler error will occur when the parameters for the constructor are the same in the parent class (String, String, Boolean)</td>
        <td>I will study inheritance more.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>7</td>
        <td>If there is no parenthesis next to what the double is casting, it only casts that one number.</td>
        <td>Understand casting more.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>9</td>
        <td>I read the answers wrong and I wasn't focused enough.</td>
        <td>Be FOCUSED!!!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>I didn't know you could assign int values to double. I also didn't notice that n1 and n2 were not defined.</td>
        <td>Read the code much more efficiently.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>22</td>
        <td>I clicked the wrong answer.</td>
        <td>Know what choice I choose.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>32</td>
        <td>The code actually prints down to 0 because num-- is in the front.</td>
        <td>Read the code carefully.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>40</td>
        <td>.getName() only works if it is not null, so we have to determine if object is not null using borrower != null.</td>
        <td>Gain a deeper understanding of objects and runtime errors.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>47</td>
        <td>I forgot to take the opposite of and, which is or.</td>
        <td>FOCUS!</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>60</td>
        <td>Because of the return statements, the other if statements are not used.</td>
        <td>Look through the code carefully.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Reflection
This MC was the best I took so far without any Internet help (maybe 1 or 2). Since many of the MC questions are the same or similar, doing maybe 1 or 2 more timed MCs with no Internet help will guarantee at least a 30 on the real test.
